e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\App.xbf
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\Page2.xbf
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\HelloWorld.xr.xml
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\HelloWorld.exe
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\HelloWorld.pdb
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\resources.pri
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\HelloWorld.build.appxrecipe
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\Page2.g.i.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\App.xaml
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\Page2.xaml
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\App.xbf
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\Page2.xbf
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\HelloWorld.exe
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\HelloWorld.pdb
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\bin\Debug\Page3.xbf
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\Page3.g.i.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\Page3.g.cs
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\Page3.xaml
e:\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\obj\Debug\Page3.xbf
